Query Param addition MP Rest Client docs (#15428)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/rest-client.adoc

It will allow to narrow down the number of JAX-RS providers (which can be seen as converters) included in the native executable.
====

=== Query Parameters

> If the GET request requires query parameters you can leverage the `@QueryParam('query-name')` annotation instead of (or in addition to) the `@PathParam`. Path and query parameters can be combined, as required, as illustrated in a mock example below.

Reviewer: Minor gripe but I would make it:
```suggestion
If the GET request requires query parameters you can leverage the `@QueryParam("parameter-name")` annotation instead of (or in addition to) the `@PathParam`. Path and query parameters can be combined, as required, as illustrated in a mock example below.
```

Author: Ok, that's done, and squashed
